CHAOS-7288 Content to Linux faults (#9053)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/linux/linux-cpu-stress.md

The `load` input variable exerts the CPU load (in percentage) per core.

:::tip
- The load generated by the stress process may vary based on factors like overall processor load and the responsiveness of the system scheduler.

> - Harness recommends allocating a number of CPUs equal to or greater than the total number of logical CPU cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended that the number of CPU cores provided as input should be equal to or greater than the total number of logical CPU cores.
```
